Executing the data science strategy requires technology,
technology specific to data and technology specific to machine learning.
Technology needs are specific to each business.
These needs depend on the types of data to be leveraged for data science,
the form and magnitude of that data,
the types of data science models that a business plans to create,
and the overall scale of operations represented by those data science models.
In order to successfully execute data science initiatives,
a business must develop a formal data and
data architecture strategy that addresses support for machine learning.
This lesson covers the parameters that must be considered,
both in creating a data and data architecture strategy,
and the machine-learning architecture needed to support data science initiatives.